'Гражданская оборона'	*	'Soviet and Russian rock band founded on November 8, 1984 in Omsk by Egor Letov and Konstantin Ryabinov, the most notable representative of Siberian punk rock. The bands music at the initial stage was punk rock with a strong garage influence that persisted throughout the bands creative activity, and in the 1990s its style shifted towards psychedelic rock. (Civil Defense) was one of the most influential punk rock bands of the USSR and Russia. The band broke up in 2008 after the death of Egor Letov.'
'Oxxxymiron'	* 'Miron Yanovich Fedorov; b. January 31, 1985, Leningrad, RSFSR, USSR) is a Russian hip-hop artist and former executive director of booking agency Booking Machine. One of the founders and former member of the Vagabund label. He is one of the most influential and outstanding hip-hop artists in Russia, and his albums Eternal Jew and Gorgorod are considered by the community as the most important releases of Russian rap.'
'Celine Dion'	* 'Celine Marie Claudette Dion (fr. Céline Marie Claudette Dion, MFA (fr.): [se.lin djɔ] Information about the listen file; rod. March 30, 1968, Charlemagne [d], Quebec) is a Canadian singer, songwriter, actress and composer. Born into a large family in the province of Quebec, Dion became a star in the French-speaking world as a teenager after her manager and future husband Rene Angelil mortgaged his house to finance her first record. In 1990, she released the English-language album Unison and established herself as a singer in North America and other English-speaking regions of the world.'
'Elton John'	* 'British singer, pianist and composer, radio host. Had a noticeable influence on the development of light rock'
'Bob Marley'	* 'Jamaican musician, guitarist, vocalist, composer. Despite the fact that many years have passed since his death, Bob Marley is still the most famous reggae performer. It was thanks to his international success that reggae gained wide popularity outside of Jamaica.'
'ABBA'		*	'Swedish pop group that existed in 1972-1982 and since 2018, named after the first letters of the names of the performers: Agnetha Feltskog, Bjorn Ulvaeus, Benny Andersson, Anni-Frid Lingstad. It is one of the most successful bands in the history of popular music and the most successful among those created in Scandinavia: the bands recordings have sold more than 350 million copies worldwide.'
'The Beatles'	*	'British rock band from Liverpool, founded in 1960, which included John Lennon, Paul McCartney, George Harrison and Ringo Starr'
'Madonna'	*	'American singer-songwriter, pop singer, dancer, music producer, as well as actress, director and childrens writer'
'Claude François'	*	'French singer, dancer, musician and music producer of the 1960s - 1970s.'
'Maruv'		*	'Ukrainian singer, composer, poet and producer. Lives in Kiev. Musical directions: pop, electronic music'
'Лобода'	*	'Ukrainian singer, TV presenter, songwriter. Honored Artist of Ukraine (2013)'
'Meghan Elizabeth Trainor'	*	'American singer, songwriter and producer.'