'punk rock' *	'A genre of rock music that originated in the mid-1970s in the USA and, a little later, in the UK. Punk rock combined social protest and musical rejection of the then forms of rock: the deliberately primitive game and the fervor of early rock and roll were cultivated.'
'rap'	* 'Rap or rap performance (English rap, rapping), also known as rhyming (English rhyming), freestyle (English spitting), emsing (English emceeing) or MCing (English MCing) is a musical form of vocal delivery, including rhyme, rhythmic speech and street slang, which is performed or pronounced in a singsong manner in various ways, usually to a background beat or musical accompaniment . The components of rap include "content" (what is being said), "flow" (rhythm, rhyme) and "pitch" (cadence, tone). Rap differs from oral poetry in that it is usually performed in free time with musical accompaniment. Rap, which is the main ingredient of hip-hop music, is usually associated with this genre; however, the origins of rap predated the emergence of hip-hop culture for many years.'
'pop'	* 'The field of mass culture, covering various forms, genres and styles of entertainment and applied music of the 2nd half of the XX - early XXI centuries.'
'rock' * 'the generalizing name of a number of popular music trends. The word rock (translated from English — "rock", "rock", "swing") originated as an abbreviation of the name of rock and roll, chronologically the first genre of rock music, and denotes rhythmic sensations characteristic of rock and roll associated with a certain form of movement, by analogy with roll, twist, swing, shake. Most often (but not necessarily) rock is performed using electric guitars and drums. Rock musicians are characterized by the performance of compositions of their own composition. However, by themselves, these elements do not yet make music rock, and therefore the affiliation of some styles of music to rock is disputed.'
'Reggae'	*	'the direction of modern music, formed in Jamaica in the late 1960s and became widespread since the early 1970s.'
